hide or show you guys back here with
another episode of beasts and sneaks and
today we got the Colby 8 system elite
superheroes that will be released in
April 27 on Saturday and he's a retail
to 200 so as I can see you got the gold
black box and they got the black
lettering you got the Kobe logo on the
top every player got the separate logo
on the top with the rest of the box will
be the same you see that on my other
reviews and I'm sorry says Nike
Basketball Elite Series the box is very
30 by the way I like the the way they
switch to that be reminds me of how they
bit the whole countdown packs and stuff
like that the Jordan but they've got
much more scary and that's to trade with
the paper just a regular Nike paper in
there let me get this left one out they
are real quick real quick but the shoe
you know I'm saying is one of the it
surprising most left on one out of all
of them because the way to the brown and
the cost of the KB it makes the Kobe the
more slept on two out of the three
furgus upcoming Saturday but as you can
see you got the poison green upper and
on the bottom you have that hyper beam
and you also have a black and blue on
here as well but as you can see you got
the spots in the string which is
something which is like Nike signature
share putting those flats and all they
shoe if you got it all
across the back ankle area and you have
to put like Nike sign with that snake
material and across the bottom is the
exact same as the regular Co VA system
they didn't change anything really as
far as that girl but as you can see you
got that Easter egg print going on there
again it's kind of hard you could call
the beast they're pretty now because
they put it on pretty much already shoes
it's like what be able to submit print
it's almost like when Nike is doing with
their Easter egg print now it's just a
lot of shoes but as you can see this
shoe is it exposes the fly wire unlike
the other Kobe that's one thing but
different between the lead in a regular
Co v8 when you first glance at this shoe
you really wouldn't be edified so many
differences with that's one of standout
immediately but once again you know the
colorways are poison green black in true
and hyperbole not like an brewpub
lacking poppy it's like a black and blue
and in the latest stock right here is
from footlocker
I get a lot of you guys ask me where I
get my socks from I get all my socks
with footlocker if I don't get them felt
like her I'd just let y'all know you
know for future references but you know
that's as close as you're gonna get some
right now bringing up the black and
green in the shoe and these shoes didn't
come with a extra shoe lace which was
surprising to me I thought that they
were to put a blue one in there but I'm
pretty sure it'll be somewhere upside
out there that I offer a blue shoe lace
with the green spots in there or
something like that
I haven't ran across yet but I also have
a search for it but one of my favorite
parts of this shoe
is yeah and so it has the Kobe on the
side you know just like the regular
Kobe's eight systems but that's probably
like my favorite part and that's a lot
of gonna be like what that's ridiculous
but that that makes the shoes way more
comfortable for me if I'm by Kobe it's
because of confer enough because of the
actual style because to be honest there
and there's a LeBrons and the KD
sometimes every weekend the Kobe is
always beat up by one of those other
shoes except Easter that Easter Kobe was
crazy but my you know as far as other
than that insole
my favorite part of shoes this inner
ankle area if you can pause the video on
that you will see up a hair get ball in
this area right there you have those
flashes of that poison green and that
black and blue on there it's crazy
but once again thumbs up subscribe with
you I like what I'm doing to check out
my other videos